fix: email syntax and bounty program ownership link in Reporting Issues, Bugs, & Feature Requests (#896)
o1-labs/docs2: docs/participate/bugs-and-feature-requests.mdx

### 2. Found a bug?

If your issue is a bug, related to the Mina website, or you have feedback about user experience, you can report it on the [Mina Protocol repo on GitHub](https://github.com/MinaProtocol/mina/issues/new/choose).

### 3. Found a vulnerability?

If your issue is a vulnerability that may be putting other people’s funds at risk or related to the protocol infrastructure, please report the issue via Mina’s Bounty Program at [hackerone.com/o1-labs](https://hackerone.com/o1-labs).

### 4. Found an urgent issue?

> If your issue is time-sensitive that needs immediate attention, please send more details and your contact information to <security@o1labs.org>. A member of Mina’s engineering team will reach out promptly.

Author: ```suggestion
If your issue is time-sensitive that needs immediate attention, please send more details and your contact information to <security@o1labs.org>. A member of the engineering team will reach out promptly.
```
